c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\bin\Debug\testdb.exe.config
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\bin\Debug\testdb.exe
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\bin\Debug\testdb.pdb
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb_Content.g.cs
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb.g.resources
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb.exe
c:\users\dat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\testdb.pdb
C:\Users\dat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\View\DbOperView.g.cs
C:\Users\dat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\View\ScoreView.g.cs
C:\Users\dat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\View\DbOperView.baml
C:\Users\dat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testdb\testdb\obj\Debug\View\ScoreView.baml
